It seems like there are people in Castro Valley who think I should be prevented from studying and from using the Internet at my house. That's why I have been camping in the woods and using my laptop with mobile phone USB tethering for Internet access (and portable charging stations) in my tent. I don't understand why people are so opposed to me living my life. I think such people may be bored and want to entertain themselves by constantly picking fights with me. Perhaps those people think that I need to be prevented from enjoying my solitary hobbies because those people are jealous of me and want me to be deprived of alone time. It could also be that there are a lot of right wingers in Castro Valley near where I live who are very uncomfortable with intellectuals in their midst.

* * *

I wrote the note in the section above earlier today between 6:00AM and 7:00AM while walking to my campsite. I uploaded it to a GitHub repository as a file named draft.txt just to delete it soon afterwards knowing that would be its purpose before I uploaded it (because I did not want to "pollute" the very clean journal chapter I stared three days ago with crazy-making melodrama and anything else which I didn't think was extremely relevant to the development of my primary website (i.e. Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com) and having that deleted file in that GitHub repository's commit history buried under many newer and much more primary website relevant commits would ensure that the "dirty" note was still available for the public to find but probably only those looking for "dirt" would dig through all those commits to find it).

Several hours afrer I deleted that "dirty" note, I decided to re-upload it to the GitHub repository associated with this chapter of my secondary website (i.e. Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com) which is used for miscellaneous public archive web pages like this journal entry is. I decided to share this note because it seems to be a relatively clear piece of some puzzle I am slowly piecing together over the span of several years about some sinister and/or unpleasant facts about my experience based understanding of human nature.

There seems to be a prevalent fetish for torturing and imprisoning people and forcing them to look, act, and think like fragile, traumatized, and quite frankly pathetic children. Such beings seem to useless to me as pillars of strength, wit, and other genuinely pleasing qualities to lean on that I cannot help but feel resentment towards such victims and a desire to quickly put them out of their misery rather than keep them locked up in mental hospitals where they will hardly do much more than live as prisoners who are too mentally destitute to make productive use of their time in any circumstance (unless their brains are somehow restored to normal functioning and sufficiently motivated to fend for themselves and to be conscientious of their impact on other people). I would euthanize people who I thought were too much of a burden to upkeep (especially if those people act like irrational misery mongering brats who try to make other people miserable with them) so that those miserable pigs don't hog and squander finite resources which more functional and resilient people would  gladly make efficient use of in an entrepreneurial manner. 

Humans spay and neuter cats for a reason. Some "ghetto" humans seem like bored, lazy, and violence prone apes who are extremely likely to cause pregnancies which result in more of the same parasitic underachieving leaches overpopulating the planet.

* * *

All kidding aside (pun sort of intended)..

I imagine very serious red-faced humans glaring angrily at me and yelling insults and threats to physically harm me for expressing the thoughts I did in the above section. 

I could construe this entire note as a form of subtle dark humor, but is it really? I find ways to make myself chuckle and smile even when thinking about very depressing, anxiety-inducing, and maddening subject matter because I get bored of being in a perpetually bad mood like some of those bitchy victims I wrote about "secretly" wanting to euthanize. Humor is not just a means to impress other people (i.e. ingratiate myself to them in order for them to spare wanting to harm me or showing off how clever and entertaining I am in order to make them want to give me nice things). Humor is a means to help myself feel better, to not go insane, and to literally survive. I am disgusted that some people seem to stalk me and make it a full time job to prevent me from having humorous or joyful thoughts. I think such people are very uptight, low brow, and chauvanist people who thinks women are supposed to be easily frightened, easily discouraged, easily subdued, and disgustingly histrionic; brain dead womb barers who whimper and mewl weakly whenever they deliver what they think is a profound sermon about things like the power of love and close-knit tribalist togetherness in the face of a big, scary, alien world which makes them clutch their loaded guns ready to shoot the first thing that moves. Such people also seem to think men are supposed to be extremely anger prone, easily offended by mere words, stone faced serious at all times, and obsessed with proving how stoic and manly they are (and like every day is like going off to war as infantry on the front lines of a bloody war).

My preference to be weird, bombastic at times, unfiltered in my use of words, sexually and genderly non conformist, and just passionately and joyfully alive (with no emotion nor thought being off limits) is what seems to make me so resilient and energetic and ambitious compared to those brittle primitives. Compared to them I have a much smaller negative ecological impact, I stir up less drama with other people on average, and I contribute more knowledge and works of art to the general public than I think those people ever will (which makes me conclude that I net about ten times as much value as one of those people do despite having fewer material resources and much less social support than those pigs do).

If this note offends you, then I argue that is possibly because there is some truth in what I said. Otherwise, carry on and let this note be a piece of dirty laundry which ended up in my batch of almost entirely clean clothes fresh from the drying machine.

* * *

One last thing: shortly after I uploaded that note to GitHub this morning, AJP called my phone and I answered. He said he was "checking in" and seemed concerned that I was not more preoccupied with some kind of job which robs me of free time and freedom to do what I want in my free time. (I also strongly suspect AJP is an undercover cop, spy, hacker, or government agent who surveils me and interferes with my activities from a distance because of the coincidental timing of his calls and things he says and things which happen to me especially while using my computer. Also, I suspect he and I are "brain ethered" in some kind of technological telepathy which makes us hear each other's thoughts at all times (and one of the voices I hear in my head sounds like him talking in a more urgent and wakeful sounding manner than he sounds when I hear him talk via his mouth because he almost always sounds like he is ailing and tired and he almost always announces when he talks to me with his mouth that he is suffering some kind of ailment or stressful situation). I do want to briefly "break the fourth wall" here just to announce that I do feel grateful for AJP's influence and involvement in my life because he helped me learn and achieve things I might have never had the privilege of undertaking without his involvement in my life, however intrusive, secretive, or burdensome I may have found it to be). Anyway, as I was getting closer to my tent and there were many gaps in that phone call of neither one of us talking, AJP said asked, "Do you mind if I call you back in a bit," and I said sure. I proceeded to complete the EXPONENTIATION page of my primary website (which took approximately three hours) and, while I did it, I heard the AJP-like voice commenting that I do so much better without AJP in my life and that I have it made without him in it. I do not disagree. A part of me wants to believe AJP is secretly trying to help me succeed at my goals without getting in my way too much (because I am like his child he helped raise or something). Another part of me thinks the AJP-like voice is someone else impersonating him in order to help me stay independent of AJP and not waste more years of my life in pursuit of his reciprocated affection and devotion. 

Bottom line: I want to be unapologetically egoistic, single (rather than in a committed relationship effectively as someone else's piece of property), childless, and as free as possible to indulge in my (mostly solitary) interests.
