I imagined someone strongly objecting to me sharing the thoughts I wrote in the previous section to the general public (especially in written form) under the justification that such communications are harmful to some people's mental health. I imagine someone wanting to file a lawsuit against me for publishing notes online to a general audience which caused that person to feel suicidally depressed and to lose income as a result of having to call out sick or to be hospitalized. I have almost no money and very few material assets which that person could have confiscated from me as payment for the damages I caused them. Hence, I imagined that the court ordered to have my websites censored from the public Internet and for me to be forbidden from publishing content online in the future as punishment for the harm I caused as an influencer on the Internet and as a means to prevent future harm resulting from sensitive minds encountering information which seriously traumatizes them and causes them to miss work and suffer deteriorating health.

I also imagined some guys wearing ski masks sneaking up on me in the dark and gouging out my eyes with knives (and possibly inflicting crippling injuries on me in other ways) as a means to punish me for the crimes I imagined getting sued for, jailed for, and revoked of (at least some of) my First Amendment rights for (because those guys wanted to take the enforcement of justice into their own hands and be heroes to their fragile minded women).

(Writing these rather disturbing thoughts down and sharing them with the general public online and doing everything in my power to preserve those records on the public web (especially by backing up all of my blog posts to GitHub and to the WayBack Machine) makes me feel better and I can easily imagine someone else (especially a young person who recently graduated high school) finding my blog and feeling comforted by reading thoughts which are similar to their own and which they might have not had the chance to articulate themselves or which they have been afraid to admit out of fear of being socially ostracized).

I imagine someone suggesting to me that I put a warning on my public websites that my content is not suitable for minors and that my content may contain content which is inappropriate for some people to view (and that I should require visitors to my websites to acknowledge such warnings and to click a button which indicates that they read those warnings and consent to such warnings and understand that entering my website could be detrimental to their mental health).

It is a bit late to add that feature to my websites. I would rather just leave it sitting online for anyone to find whether or not anyone who visits my websites gets "hurt" from my "dangerous" content. I suppose that makes me very selfish and a danger to society (but I also think that any person should be allowed to publish whatever information they want to online regardless of the social or legal consequences because it is a way to transmit and to preserve information which might otherwise not proliferate).

Finally, if what I say online disturbs you or if you are in serious emotional distress (especially if you are considering harming yourself or others or doing anything drastic and irreversible such as committing suicide or destroying property), I recommend you seek professional help immediately. Here are some mental health hotlines, chat rooms, and other resources you can take advantage of immediately: X

I am sorry it has come to this. I hope you find lasting relief to your suffering. I am sorry I could not be there for you as a better friend. I have too many problems of my own and am too selfish and conceited to give back to society in more helpful and socially valued ways.
