I drank a fuck ton of coffee earlier tonight (and used up quite a bit of the bag of ground up Peat's coffee beans which I bought from Safeway approximately two days ago). Hence, my anxiety is through the roof (but I like that adrenaline rush and energy boost because it helps me conquer my inner adversaries).

Right now I am hiking through the woods about an hour after midnight. I hear frogs making their characteristic treble-y chirping croaks interspersed with bass-ier and slower sounding growling croaks down by the water's edge.

The air is quasi tropical yet still cold enough for me to not want to remove my jacket. There is a moderate breeze causing the leaves of the oak trees to rustle loudly and the branches of those trees to move slowly and occasionally creak. 

I wanted to elaborate on the note I started earlier in the section above when I was still at my dad's house getting ready to head out into the darkness of the nearby wilderness. 

Firstly, I think that my "severe" existential anxiety about not getting to complete my most cherished projects is a common experience amongst humans throughout all of human history. What I would posit, however, is that my particular variation of existential angst is relatively rare and perhaps the only one of its kind because of the nature of what my most personally significant projects are. Unlike seemingly most other people living in modern developed nations (as opposed to "third world countries" and less modernized human civilizations which have ever existed), I seem to have almost zero encouragement nor interested and relevant feedback from other people about my most cherished undertakings. Hence, I imagine that I expend significantly more energy getting things done with respect to my personal goals than I think most humans in "first world" countries would. In fact, my sense that other people are unsupportive and even hostile to what I do is so strong that, while high on magic mushrooms during the past year, I felt obliged by tyrannical and impatient others who seemed to outnumber me wherever I went to "play dead" and to keep my movements minimal, my breathing shallow, and my thoughts very controlled so as to not get bullied to the extent that I become too incapacitated by discouragement and pain to finish what I set out to do. (Even writing this note feels to me like an invitation to be harassed nonstop and aggressively to the extent that I suffer about as much as I can stand and, hence, feel obliged to make progress towards my goals much more slowly and to be more secretive about my endeavors to avoid getting sabotaged by others).

Secondly, I have decided to take a break from doing psychedelics and from having fun in general (and largely because other people have sabotaged my efforts to have fun quite vehemently in recent years) so that I can focus on getting my rather daunting and intellectually demanding projects accomplished with as minimal suffering as possible. What I learned from some of my most intense shroom trips is that I have a socially unacceptable sense of urgency and single mindedness about the things I want to devote my life to (at least within the next few months if not years) which compels me to want to avoid depending on other people as much as possible and to be rather pessimistic about how they will treat me. I think what I just said sounds very taboo because I have heard other people say that shrooms are about making the ego smaller, more interdependent with others, and less serious about left brain endeavors. I would rather not subscribe to mainstream stereotypes about what shrooms and other psychedelics are "supposed to" be used for and try my best to keep more of an impersonal distance from my readers in future blog posts.

(I have found that other people are surprisingly and disappointingly quick to completely disregard what I am trying to make the focus of my thoughts in favor of pushing comparatively banal, shallow, dogmatic, anti-individualistic, and anti-intellectual content. That's a major reason why I have dismissed most humans as not being worthy of my time until and unless they become more genuinely supportive or at least non adversarial to my endeavors).

"No one is gonna wanna support you with an attitude like that," one of the pinchy, uptight, sneering peeves of my imagination said to me in response to what I said. "Hurry up and get whatever you're trying to do done or else give up on it right now because you are stressing out people who matter more to society than you do," the peeve said. I can tell me and her are not in agreement with each other. I insist on being a perfectionist and taking my time so that I do not end up creating more labor and needless suffering for myself than I have to as a result of rushing in order to appease the demands of an impatient, unkind tyrant who doesn't seem to value what I do.

Well, I do not think these writings are very cheerful, but I do think that putting them into written words and sharing them publicly online helps me feel less oppressed and gives me a chance of being better understood by other people.

"No one owes you compassion nor understanding nor even the right to breathe. It's all about survival of the fittest and strength in numbers. If not enough people value your existence, you will be obliterated. Get over it," says the peeve.

I do not want to be terrorized into giving up on my cherished personal endeavors just because almost no one shows me any support nor acknowledgement at all about such endeavors.

"That's because other people are too busy having jobs and real lives. To them you look like you have no life and that you need an intervention so that you don't just get to keep staying socially isolated in your cocoon and not contributing to other people's welfare and not participating in normal society," says the peeve.

I imagine many (if not most) humans I would regard as my peers would have already given into that peeve's demands. They would have been more willing to go with what she suggests is socially appropriate without much deliberation and without looking back such that, in a few years, those people would boast that they are use to it now and do not miss the more challenging and lonely days of being an iconoclast in an inhospitable cultural environment.

To break the caricature of myself I may have created as a result of writing this section of this note, I honestly do think that I am taking myself a bit too seriously for my taste. I think I am exaggerating how badly other people are opposed to my endeavor and how badly they treat me. If anything, I would imagine most of my critics are just irritated at me for not shutting up and working diligently on my projects sooner instead of fretting about what could go wrong and complaining that other people are preventing me from making progress because they oppose what I do.

"You're too rich to get a job," one of the peeves said (and not a very articulate one). I do not want to get a job simply to make brats like her stop bullying me. Past experience has shown me that having a job does not stop people like her from harassing me. I suspect people like her want me to get a job solely so that I am prevented from having a more satisfying life than what they typically have. Such people do not seem to be concerned with whether or not I make a meaningful contribution to society or do work that is even necessary. For them, low-paying, time-consuming, and politics-laden "busy work" will do. Perhaps that is the only kind of work they approve of me doing. Well, fuck them. I think I can find something better to do with my time.
