After resting in the darkness in a peaceful location for a while (to allow my mind to think whatever thoughts it wanted to in a process I would describe as "do nothing meditation"), I got a thought which seemed like something I should share with the public as quickly and as non urgently as possible: the belief I have that I have not needed any other person to tell me what to do for at least the past three years (if not longer). 

I remember functioning quite well on my own since I was a child when left to my own devices. I always found ways to entertain myself for hours at a time and I would never describe any of what I did as a waste of time because all of it gave me real life experience figuring out what my values are and how things work (and a sense of confidence in my ability to learn through trial-and-error and through more methodical methods of problem solving and knowledge building).

The reason I am bringing up this rather unremarkable topic (given that I assume that most humans are just as innately competent as I am at finding things to do which they feel are genuinely worthy of their time and figuring out how to do them with increasing effectiveness over time) is because there seem to be people in my life who think I am not doing as well as I think I am and that I need other people to intervene in my life and force me to do things I otherwise would not. 

I find such covert micromanagement and disbelief in my autonomy and in my ability to thrive on my own to be rather disturbing because it feels like those who think I need to be told what to do and to be treated like a helpless and emotionally needy child are being a bit hypocritical. I know how to hold down a job. I know how to take care of myself. I have plenty of goals and interests which challenge me to keep evolving and to stay hungry for more living rather than to stagnate and act bored. The people who seem to be the most intrusive upon my personal space, peevish, and "worried" that I'm not deteriorating are people who seem to do little more than idly feast on the drama of others and to promote a spirit of collective underachievement and aversion to difficulty.

I feel obliged to hide my ambitious and restless nature from those who seem disturbed by it. I am afraid that this note might hurt their feelings and make them want to retaliate against me for sharing it. It could be that no one is as opposed to my ambition and seriousness as I suggested or imagined. Also, I do not mean to suggest that other people emulate me. Everyone is a unique individual with a unique combination of preferences, aptitudes, skills, knowledge, and lived experiences. If everyone was a clone of me (mentally especially), I do think the world would be a more intelligent, harmonious, and fun place for everyone. I do think my ways are superior to most (if not all) other people's ways; but that's just my opinion (but I nevertheless believe in my opinion and see no good reason to do otherwise).

Some people might think that I am taking "too long" to get things done. There is a reason why I am erring on the side of going "too slow" instead of erring on the side of going "too fast": so that I can enjoy the fucking experience of working towards my goals and allow room for other experiences to happen for me in addition to my goal-oriented activities for the sake of supplementing an otherwise one-track mind mode of existence with information which makes the quality of what I experience and the quality of the end product even better than if I were in more of a vacuum. That does not mean I think I should be interrupted every five minutes with random trivia. I just want to operate within comfortably productive parameter which maximize my sense of fun!
