I would like to add a few more thoughts before closing this note. 

I was thinking about some things I have witnessed a lot over the past few years which I seem to be the only person seriously disturbed by: the way many people use deliberately cruel or physically coercive and intrusive and dishonest tactics to force me to do what those people want which I do not readily consensually do. 

Metaphorically speaking, it's like holding a gun up to my head and telling me to do something while telling me that what they are doing to me is morally correct because what they are doing is ensuring I do what they think is morally correct.

As unpopular as my opinion might sound, I think that society is generally a less violent, less crime ridden, and happier place for everyone in it if everyone in those societies is properly educated from a young age, not forced to live in squalor and in overcrowded spaces, exposed to natural environments sufficiently regularly instead of solely human-terraformed artificial environments, and expected to simply care about helping other people because doing so makes society a nicer place for everyone to live in as opposed to expecting people to be too selfish and too base to voluntarily be kind and helpful to others (especially people who are not members of their close-knit communities) and hence justifying that people be coerced into "doing the right thing".

I heard a quote which I generally believe is true: people rise to the level of their expectations. What that means in this context is that, if we expect people to generally not cheat or be belligerent assholes, people's subconscious minds are not seeded with expectations that they are implicitly "supposed to" lie, cheat, steal, or engage in violence as a norm rather than as an exception.

Rather than try to inspire a bunch of angry monkeys to reform their behavior and to be more civil in their conduct, I would rather avoid getting involved in the affairs of short-tempered, banal-minded hot heads because they lack the attention span, patience, and open mindedness necessary to appreciate what I have to say (until perhaps long after those people get to seriously decompress, not be in such perpetual fight-or-flight mode, and have consistently better standards of living first). Meanwhile, in order to provide a better standard of living for such people, I would rather associate with and collaborate with people who are already invested in promoting my values. That's a way of choosing the path of least resistance (i.e. to not force alliances between myself and people who seem too different in terms of cultural background, moral values, and education specialization to have relatively effortless and mutually enjoyable collaborations).

The Internet in general is my lifeline when it comes to finding and interacting with sufficiently like minded people. I'm not much of a socialite, but I do think I socialize enough to be a decent citizen (though I imagine many people would disagree and say that I need to have more in-person relationships to be considered a functional or even decent member of society).
