When I was near the intersection of Proctor and Almond on my walk home to drop off my tent, I thought I saw my mom drive by slowly in her dad's car. I've seen her do that at least one other time in the past which makes me suspect that she and my dad are stalking me at all hours of the day while pretending not to be aware of my whereabouts nor what I write online.

It is a little past 6AM now and the sun is up, the birds are chirping, and the sky is overcast. I am walking back towards my campsite but not all the way there because it is a long walk and, technically, the place I was camping (i.e. Ramage Peak trail near Chabot Staging Area) is closed even though other people in addition to myself were using that trail. I had some luck laying around behind some bushes near the area (which is what a plan to do for a few hours before getting up to do some errands in town).

About 20 minutes ago I took a small pinch of psilocybin crumbs which I still have in my backpack in a plastic bag which I bought from Zide Door in Oakland in mid April 2023. I consider what I took today to be a microcose (which I tool in order to help my brain think a little more clearly and insightfully) and today is the first time in what seems like a month since I took any shrooms. 

The thought police are making their disturbing taunting sounds which sounds like someone mockingly whimpering and crying while saying things which I think are intended to make me feel harassed, anxious, and depressed. I'm not as bothered by those voices as I have been in the past at this moment. I think I am now able to understand and even approve of what they seem to be implying: that I deserve to be bullied and treated like I deserve to be left for dead in an insane asylum which follows me everywhere I go because (a) I'm a full grown, able-bodied tough guy who does not need to be caudaled and lied to like I'm a fragile little kid or legitimately mentally ill person and (b) I'm old enough and experienced enough at the ripe old age of 33 years to know that, once a human reaches approximately 30 years of age, their value to society tends to drop dramatically (especially if they are unmarried or have no kids) and such people are expected to start irreversibly falling apart (which means they are supposed to shut up, stop complaining, accept that they are decaying and being rushed off to the grave, and get out of the way and not draw so much attention to themselves because the young and naive deserve it so much more.

I do not exactly condone what I said because it goes against my personal conviction that all persons regardless of age, marital status, parental status, criminal status, citizenship status, income level, education level, degree of social connectedness, political affiliation, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender identity, and physical fitness level (and whatever other characteristics I may have left out) deserve to be as healthy as they want to be and to live for as long as they want to (and that there should be no maximum age nor maximum fitness level nor maximum intelligence level which is imposed by society on any individual (and what I say does seem to imply that people should be prevented from having more than approximately two kids and from polluting the environment past a certain threshold because the planet is only finite in size and can only comfortably support up to a certain number of people before conditions become detrimental to some or all humans' quality of life).

I put up with a lot of snide, misery mongering, and animosity filled auditory harassment on a daily basis from the thought police. I think I may have said all I can about the nature of the thought police's auditory harassment towards me without being redundant. They seem to be implying that they think I should be implicitly gotten rid of and from enriching myself intellectually and in other ways because I'm too old to be considered worthy of pursuing an education and too old to be considered worthy of being treated nicely. The thought police seem to condone that I be abused but away from where the precious children live because the precious children are still in their golden age of not having been treated as a lost cause given that they still are considered to be in that rather small temporal window of opportunity to be groomed into ideal citizens; those who only go to college as a means to the end of giving birth to and directly and intensively supporting the next generation of humans shortly after turning 18 years old.

My mobile AT&T Internet seems to be working normally again. I will try not to keep mentioning the thought police again unless there is significant news to mention about them. All I have to say about them is that they can best be summed up as pig_gorl (and pig_gorl can be used as a search term on this non page of this website to pull up all pages of this website which mention pig_gorl) and pig_gorl can be summed up as existing to terrorize me into silence and pretending that humility and indifference to my own existence are virtuous (and that meditation (especially the kind I do (which is called "do nothing meditation" and consists of merely allowing my mind to excrete whatever thoughts it wants to) is a crime and a dangerous activity to be prevented).

I may have misrepresented the thought police in my notes, but this note captures some of my most persistent impressions of them. 

pig_gorl's most frequent and essential complaint is that I am too self focused. I disagree that I am too self focused. I think most people are not self focused (i.e. introspective and self pleasing) enough. If they were, I think people would generally get along better and treat the environment better and be more scientifically literate and otherwise well read and well practiced at various artistic disciplines.

pig_gorl and people who "vibe with" her are probably not at all my target audience. Therefore, I should probably stop pandering to such people. I think they would rather pay attention to and associate with someone who is a lot less serious, intellectual, individualistic, unconventional, outdoorsy, asexual, androgynous, and philosophical.
